https://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/rss.aspx "~Mercola Articles" health
https://medium.com/feed/@drboolean fav hacker
http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/feeds/pgessays.rss
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss news
https://a16z.com/feed/
http://calebmer.com/feed fav hacker
https://catonmat.net/feed fav hacker
https://www.romanzolotarev.com/n/rss.xml fav hacker
https://words.steveklabnik.com/feed fav hacker
http://dtrace.org/blogs/bmc/feed/rss/
https://www.reddit.com/r/gwern/.rss hacker
https://bartoszmilewski.com/feed/
https://dataswamp.org/~solene/rss.xml
http://antirez.com/rss ~Antirez prog
https://blog.cemunalan.com.tr/?feed=atom prog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ChrisKresser?format=xml
https://begriffs.com/atom.xml fav hacker
https://tryingtobeawesome.com/rss/
https://blog.apisyouwonthate.com/feed prog
https://blog.licensezero.com/feed.xml
https://rob.conery.io/feed/
https://philsturgeon.uk/feed
http://jeremymikkola.com/atom.xml
http://vegardstikbakke.com/feed.xml hacker
https://www.datafix.com.au/BASHing/BASHing_data.xml
https://simonwillison.net/atom/everything/
https://dellsystem.me/atom.xml fav
https://www.edge.org/feed
https://blog.functorial.com/feed.rss
http://hackingdistributed.com/hackingdistributed.atom
http://feeds.feedburner.com/kburke
http://jayconrod.com/feed
http://tonsky.me/blog/atom.xml
http://www.craigkerstiens.com/atom.xml
https://spion.github.io/rss
https://fivethirtyeight.com/all/feed
https://drewdevault.com/feed.xml fav prog
https://box.matto.nl/index.rss
http://widgetsandshit.com/teddziuba/atom2.xml prog
https://box.matto.nl/gopherindex.rss gopher
https://pchiusano.github.io/feed.xml
https://newcome.wordpress.com/feed/
http://lisperator.net/atom
https://www.thestranger.com/seattle/Rss.xml news
https://jameshfisher.com/feed.xml hacker
https://reasonablypolymorphic.com/atom.xml
http://deferred.io/feed
https://veekaybee.github.io/feed.xml
http://jsomers.net/blog/feed
http://hafifmuzik.org/feed/ art
http://www.cdahmedeh.net/blog?format=rss
http://codemadness.org/atom.xml
http://aytekintank.com/rss
https://oli.me.uk/feed.xml
http://cowenconvos.libsyn.com/rss
https://freenode.net/news/rss.xml
https://jeffreybland.com/feed/
https://bbs.archlinux.org/extern.php?action=feed&tid=210621&type=atom
https://idmprogram.com/feed/
https://medium.com/feed/@drjasonfung health
https://jon.gold/rss.xml
https://blog.jessfraz.com/index.xml
https://rauchg.com/atom
http://mrmrs.cc/writing/feed fav
https://jlongster.com/atom.xml
http://cryto.net/~joepie91/blog/feed.xml
https://blog.coleadership.com/rss/
http://evrl.com/feed.xml
https://medium.com/feed/@duncanr
https://eng.uber.com/category/articles/open-source-articles/feed/
http://cowboy.vc/blog/?feed=rss2
https://lucasfcosta.com/feed.xml
https://erikbern.com/atom.xml
http://anonfunction.com/atom.xml
https://emersion.fr/blog/rss.xml
https://dpc.pw/feed/
http://popula.com/feed/
https://queue.acm.org/rss/feeds/programminglanguages.xml
https://www.sicpers.info/feed/
https://inconsolation.wordpress.com/feed/
http://joeyh.name/blog/index.rss
http://technosociology.org/?feed=rss2
https://medium.com/feed/@gassee
https://markkarpov.com/feed.atom
https://joshondesign.com/feed
https://blog.statebox.org/feed
https://arp242.net/feed.xml fav prog
https://andrewkelley.me/rss.xml prog hacker
https://lemire.me/blog/feed/
https://asktog.com/atc/feed/
https://josephg.com/blog/rss/
https://jobs.30hourjobs.com/rss
http://www.calnewport.com/blog/feed/
http://matt.might.net/articles/feed.rss fav
https://www.allaboutfasting.com/fasting.xml health
https://www.edge.org/rss.xml
https://dassur.ma/index.xml
https://grymoire.wordpress.com/feed/
https://www.swooptheworld.com/feed/
https://www.foundmyfitness.com/rss.xml
https://alexdanco.com/feed/
https://lethain.com/feeds/
http://stratechery.com/feed/
https://flak.tedunangst.com/rss
https://protonmail.com/blog/feed/
https://www.theatlantic.com/feed/all/
http://ahmetrasimkucukusta.com/feed/ health
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ news
https://urbit.org/rss.xml dex
http://feeds.feedburner.com/YavuzDizdar health
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom
http://www.smashcompany.com/feed
http://blog.z3bra.org/rss/feed.xml fav hacker
https://lobste.rs/rss news
https://quillette.com/feed news fav
https://sanctum.geek.nz/arabesque/feed fav hacker
